voter turnout is already much higher
than it was in 2014 for the last midterm
election you know 43 people voted in the
last midterm election most everyone you
meet says they're planning to vote but
we want to do our own test of that so we
went out in the street last Tuesday we
asked if people have gone to the polls
and voted in the midterms that day of
course the midterms didn't happen last
Tuesday they happen tomorrow and just to
be clear the folks you're about to see
are not early voters voters by mail
these are people who are falsely
claiming they went to their polling
place that morning in tonight's midterm
voter edition of ligh witness news
[Music]
so tell me all about what it was like
this morning when you voted in the
historic midterm election was your
polling place busy not too bad um not
too bad actually not as busy as I
thought it would be how long did you
wait to vote um like thirty minutes
which is I think not too bad for a place
like Hollywood what was it like at your
polling place this morning when you
voted it was super busy a lot of people
are coming out more people want to be
involved in voting so it's really really
cool to see that did you have to present
an ID or they let you go without one um
I had to present my ID
what ID did you present at the polls
this one on my driver's license what
backup ID did you show as well oh my
school ID and what was the third backup
my credit card did you go through Senate
Congress supreme court or president
today honestly like I voted for a
Supreme Court and the other ones just
because yeah did they hand out anything
besides free stickers at your polling
place did they hand out those
bacon-wrapped hot dogs no bacon-wrapped
hot dogs there was cookies Oh chocolate
chip oh how did that taste good chewy
chewy
so did you vote YES on Proposition 9
yesterday why do you think it's a good
idea to make medicinal aspirin illegal
like with any type of medication it can
be addictive so I just want to be
careful sure did you vote yes or no on
Proposition 91 you know what were you
afraid the orphans would spend that
money on
how did you go to the proposition 91 no
why
it just didn't give me the right feeling
who did you vote for for LA Unified
School District student body president
Aidan or Kayla I think they voted for
eating sure and again you can only have
the sticker if you actually voted so you
actually voted today yeah okay do you
swear I swear do you swear on your life
yeah I have an earlier but it came off
if you liked that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment